"Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent." - Victor Hugo
"Without music, life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness." - Maya Angelou
"Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination and life to everything." - Plato
"The only truth is music." - Jack Kerouac
"Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes. "A magic beyond all we do here!" - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone
"If you cannot teach me to fly, teach me to sing." - J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan
"Music touches us emotionally, where words alone can't." - Johnny Depp
"Music in the soul can be heard by the universe." - Laozi
"The music is not in the notes, but in the silence between." - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
"Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life, bringing peace, abolishing strife." - Kahlil Gibran
"Music is everybody's business. It's only the publishers who think people own it." - John Lennon
"Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up." - Hans Christian Andersen
"Music brings a warm glow to my vision, thawing mind and muscle from their endless wintering." - Haruki Murakami
"Most people die with their music still locked up inside them." - Benjamin Disraeli
"Why not just live in the moment, especially if it has a good beat?" - Goldie Hawn
"There are all kinds of mix tapes. There is always a reason to make one." - Rob Sheffield, Love is a Mix Tape
"I see my life in terms of music." - Albert Einstein
"Music can change the world because it can change people." - Bono
"I haven’t understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it." - Igor Stravinsky
"Ignore all hatred and criticism. Live for what you create, and die protecting it." - Lady Gaga
"A great song should lift your heart, warm the soul and make you feel good." - Colbie Caillat
"There are only a few notes. Just variations on a theme." - John Lennon
"Tell me what you listen to, and I’ll tell you who you are." - Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star
"Music sounds different to the one who plays it. It is the musician’s curse." - Patrick Rothfuss
"A gentleman is someone who knows how to play the banjo and doesn’t." - Mark Twain
"Writing about music is like dancing about architecture – it’s really a stupid thing to want to do." - Elvis Costello
"Too bad people can’t always be playing music, maybe then there wouldn’t be any more wars." - Margot Benary-Isbert
"The piano keys are black and white but they sound like a million colors in your mind" - Maria Cristina Mena
"Virtually every writer I know would rather be a musician." - Kurt Vonnegut
"Music does not replace words, it gives tone to the words" - Elie Wiesel
"Don’t be afraid, just play the music." - Charlie Parker
"Through music we may wander where we will in time, and find friends in every century." - Helen Thompson
"Music is the only language in which you cannot say a mean or sarcastic thing." - John Erskine
"If you have to ask what jazz is, you’ll never know." - Louis Armstrong
"Well, I sort of don’t trust anybody who doesn’t like Led Zeppelin." - Jack White
"There is no feeling, except the extremes of fear and grief, that does not find relief in music." - George Eliot
"Music is the soundtrack of our lives." - Dick Clark
"To hell with the rules. If it sounds right, then it is." - Eddie Van Halen
"My ambition was to live like music." - Mary Gaitskill
"Music gives color to the air of the moment." - Karl Lagerfeld
"Anything can become music if listened to long enough." - Jeff Noon
"Philosophy is the highest music." - Plato
"Good music always defeats bad luck." - Jack Vance
Where words fail, music speaks. — Hans Christian Andersen
Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife. — Kahlil Gibran
Where words leave off, music begins. — Heinrich Heine
Music, once admitted to the soul, becomes a sort of spirit, and never dies. ― Edward Bulwer Lytton
Music touches us emotionally, where words alone can't. ― Johnny Depp
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without. ― Confucius
Music is the universal language of mankind. — Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Music is the only language in which you can't say a wrong thing. — Billy Joel
Music is the food of love. — Shakespeare
Music is the friend of the soul. — Plato
Music is the art of thinking in sounds. — Victor Hugo
Music is the universal language of mankind. — Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Music is the medicine of the mind. — Plato
Music is the expression of the innermost being of man. — Ludwig van Beethoven
Music is the only thing that can make me cry. — Janis Joplin